Now that we have a hosted zone created,
we can add a record set to it. In your code editor, open
the file create‑route53‑recordset.js.
This is another fairly‑simple file with only one SDK call, but the rules
in the record set itself are going to be quite long.
So let's start by updating your region in line 4.
On line 8, replace the string contents with the hostedzone id
that you copied from the command line output.
It's important this value is correct,
since the route set won't know what to be applied to if
it's not. Now in our createRecordSet function on line 13,
create a new params const object.
Make sure not to delete the comment on line 16 because we'll need that later.
The first property will be HostedZoneId,
which you can give the value of the hzId argument.
The next property is required and it's ChangeBatch.
Give it the value of an object.
This object will have another required property called changes,
which you can give the value of an array. With a single request, you could
create multiple record sets by adding many objects to this array.
For our case, just go ahead and add a single object.
The object's first property is action,
which we will assign the value of a string with CREATE all in caps.
The next property is ResourceRecordSet, which has the value of an object.
Now this is the object where we finally get to the nitty‑gritty details.
The first property is Name, and this is the external DNS name.
You could enter a sub domain here,
but I'm just going to enter this string hbfl.online
to route the basic domain itself.
The next property is Type, and this is the type of DNS record to configure.
You can enter the uppercase letter A here in quotes.
Route 53 allows you to do basic DNS routing to IPs
or more advanced alias routing,
which we'll do. Alias routing lets you just point to an AWS resource and
let Route 53 figure out all the IP and routing stuff.
Add the property AliasTarget, and give it the value of an object.
The first property is DNSName, and this is the
internal AWS DNS name. In our case,
we're going to send it to the load balancer that we've created.
So go to your web browser and the EC2 dashboard.
Select the Load Balancers menu option and then the load balancer that you
created. Finally, copy the DNS name in the details panel.
Now paste that DNS name as a string as the value to the DNSName property.
The next property is EvaluateTargetHealth,
which Route 53 can do to determine whether to route requests or not,
We won't need that, so set this property to false.
The last property is the hostedZoneId. Don't get this confused with the
HostedZoneId at the root of our params object. This is actually the
HostedZoneId of the elastic load balancer.
Copy the URL I put in the comments and go to it in your browser.
This page has all the hosted zones for any region in AWS for load
balancers. Find the HostedzoneId for the region where you
launched your load balancer and copy it.
Now paste it as a string as the value for
HostedZoneId, and that is our params object.
Now move into the Promise,
and to create this record set, we'll call route53.changeResourceRecordSets.
It's an odd function name,
but it's because you can do creates, changes, and deletes all with the same
function, pass in the prams object as the first argument and a callback
function with err and data arguments as the second.
If there's an err object, than call reject, and pass it in;
otherwise, call resolve with the data argument.
Now switch over to your command line and we'll send this RecordSetCreation
request by executing node create‑route53‑recordset.js.
Once it's complete,
you should get some output like this showing the status as PENDING. A
quick note here, because these are DNS changes,
they can take time to propagate.
If we switch over to the AWS Console and go to the Route 53 dashboard,
you'll see that we have our hosted zone here, and
clicking into it, the record set we just created is also
here. They may not be working yet,
but there's nothing else you need to do in Route 53. And that's all for Route
53. In the rest of this module, we're going to look at a different way of routing users to our application with API Gateway.